South Dade Conveyance System Environmental Information
================

Data and information presented herein is purely for information purposes
and subject to change. This information is intended to provide a
retrospective look at water quality (i.e.Â total phosphorus) and water
quantity within the southern Miami-Dade County region which spans
Everglades National Park eastern boundary. This repository includes
relevant information including documents, maps, hyperlinks and any R or
RMarkdown code associated with any analyses of water quality and
quantity data in an effort to support project planning, ecosystem
assessment, etc.

Major structural elements of the South Dade Conveyance System were
constructed in the period between 1974 and 1979 to improve water supply
capabilities to the southern portions of Miami-Dade County. Later
structures, detention basins and project features were constructed as
part of the [Modified Waters Delivery to Everglades National
Park](https://www.nps.gov/ever/learn/nature/modwater.htm) (Mod Waters)
and the
[C-111](http://www.saj.usace.army.mil/Missions/Environmental/Ecosystem-Restoration/C-111-South-Dade-Project/)
Comprehensive Everglades Restoration Plan (CERP) project.

Other Links:

[Mod Waters, Tamiami Trail
Modifications](https://my.sfwmd.gov/portal/page/portal/common/pdf/splash/spl_modwater.pdf),
December 2009

[C-111 South Dade
Project](https://www.sfwmd.gov/sites/default/files/documents/jtf_c111_south_dade.pdf),
January 2016

[C-111 Project Area Water Depth Assessment
Tool](https://www.sfwmd.gov/science-data/modeling/wdat)

[Combined Operations
Plan](https://www.saj.usace.army.mil/Portals/44/docs/Environmental/C-111%20South%20Dade/SouthernEvergladesOverview_web.pdf)
Placemat

-----

A South-Dade Conveyance System hydrology and water quality dashboard can
be found at this [link](https://owper-tech.github.io/SouthDade_WQ/)
which provides an interactive link and information for each major
structure within the South-Dade project area along the eastern boarder
of Everglades National Park south of the S-331 structure. This
information is provisional and subject to change.
